Update CI policy: adding libraries should be justified + minor cleanups (#19518)
coq/coq: dev/ci/README-users.md

On the condition that:

- For libraries: your project should exercise some part of Coq which

>   is not well covered by the existing CI and test suite.

Author: That would be better done by adding to the bench not just CI.

We already say

>You may also be interested in having your project tested in our
performance benchmark. Currently this is done by providing a `.dev` OPAM package
in https://github.com/coq/opam-coq-archive and opening an issue at
https://github.com/coq/coq/issues.

>   is not well covered by the existing CI and test suite.

Reviewer: @palmskog ideally CI and bench would be fully integrated indeed.

  There is no such requirement for plugins: Coq developers reduce the
  cost of having to work with Coq's unstable OCaml API by adding
  plugins to Coq's CI and patching them when the API changes (as long

>   as fixing your plugin doesn't get too hard).

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a note that plugins are nowadays often advanteagously replaced by modern metalanguages such as Ltac2 or Elpi?

Reviewer 2: I mean, we don't want to encourage the proliferation of plugins either.

>   There is no such requirement for plugins: Coq developers reduce the
>   cost of having to work with Coq's unstable OCaml API by adding
>   plugins to Coq's CI and patching them when the API changes (as long
>   as fixing your plugin doesn't get too hard).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  There is no such requirement for plugins: developers may reduce the
  cost of working with Coq's unstable OCaml API by adding
  their plugin to Coq's CI and getting it fixed when the API changes (as long
  as fixing the plugin doesn't put an undue burden on Coq developers).
```
This sentence is very difficult to understand as given. Here is my interpretation and suggestion.
